docs: Add guidelines for updating CSV in CONTRIBUTING guide (#91)
red-hat-storage/odf-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

and CSVs). Unless you are very sure this is true for your change, though, make
sure each commit passes CI checks as above.

> Ensure to update the CSV after making changes in a separate commit using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to update the bundle manifests after making changes in a separate commit using:
```

Author: Done
